president Trump insulting Haiti so I
thought it was only fair to give
Haitians a chance to return the favor
Toby in viscid RC mas Mushaf you keep a
video silly citizen even more appeal
belt al Gough receive a zero Vince Viola
Liuzzo - bleep okay male voice damu
Chavez near Oprah new email about actors
of vanilla may us even appeal democracy
it does in the memory Tituba Sebastian
to the Guardian University Oprah okay
Nadia my food hurry hurry men I will
play event League law for immigration
reform issues issues like a tea
coated in Haiti airing this Saturday
January 27th at 10 o'clock p.m. we'll be
right back
Sharon Stone is gonna be joining
you